philosopher A has nothing on the left hand
philosopher A has nothing on the right hand
philosopher B has nothing on the left hand
philosopher B has nothing on the right hand
philosopher C has nothing on the left hand
philosopher C has nothing on the right hand
philosopher D has nothing on the left hand
philosopher D has nothing on the right hand
philosopher E has nothing on the left hand
philosopher E has nothing on the right hand
philosopher F has nothing on the left hand
philosopher F has nothing on the right hand
philosopher G has nothing on the left hand
philosopher G has nothing on the right hand
philosopher H has nothing on the left hand
philosopher H has nothing on the right hand
philosopher I has nothing on the left hand
philosopher I has nothing on the right hand
philosopher J has nothing on the left hand
philosopher J has nothing on the right hand
philosopher K has nothing on the left hand
philosopher K has nothing on the right hand
philosopher L has nothing on the left hand
philosopher L has nothing on the right hand
philosopher M has nothing on the left hand
philosopher M has nothing on the right hand
philosopher N has nothing on the left hand
philosopher N has nothing on the right hand
philosopher O has nothing on the left hand
philosopher O has nothing on the right hand
philosopher P has nothing on the left hand
philosopher P has nothing on the right hand
philosopher Q has nothing on the left hand
philosopher Q has nothing on the right hand
philosopher R has nothing on the left hand
philosopher R has nothing on the right hand
philosopher S has nothing on the left hand
philosopher S has nothing on the right hand
philosopher T has nothing on the left hand
philosopher T has nothing on the right hand
ontable fork 1
ontable fork 2
ontable fork 3
ontable fork 4
ontable fork 5
ontable fork 6
ontable fork 7
ontable fork 8
ontable fork 9
ontable fork 10
ontable fork 11
ontable fork 12
ontable fork 13
ontable fork 14
ontable fork 15
ontable fork 16
ontable fork 17
ontable fork 18
ontable fork 19
ontable fork 20
